add some info (#1)
ia-toki/apio-2020-web: about.md

---
layout: single-page-md

> title: APIO 2020 About

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: About APIO 2020
```

key: about
---

The Asia-Pacific Informatics Olympiad (APIO) is an IOI-like competition for delegations within the South Asian / Western Pacific region. The first competition was organized by the Australian IOI team in 2007.

APIO 2020 will be hosted by Indonesia. Usually the contest will be held online.

> But in APIO 2020, for the first time, in addition to online version, there will be held also onsite in Indonesia.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But in APIO 2020, for the first time, in addition to online version, there will be held also onsite contest in Indonesia.
```

> As usual, the online version, the participants will be competing at the contest sites within their own country or area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As usual, in the online version, the participants will be competing at the contest sites within their own countries or areas.
```

> And in addition to that, there will be several country that will be invited to send their delegation to Indonesia to take the contest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And in addition to that, there will be several countries that will be invited to send their delegation to Indonesia to participate in the onsite contest.
```
